---
layout: post
title:  "Standby!"
date:   2017-07-04
categories: update
---
Busey ipsum dolor sit amet. Have you urinated? Have you drained your bladder? Are you free? Because if you haven't it will only come out later. I'm giving you some information that your bodily fluids may penetrate your clothing fibre's without warning.It's good to yell at people and tell people that you're from Tennesee, so that way you'll be safe.

You gotta go through it to see there ain't nothing to it.The best way to communicate is compatible. Compatible communication is listening with open ears and an open mind, and not being fearful or judgemental about what you're hearing.Go with the feeling of the nature. Take it easy. Know why you're here. And remember to balance your internal energy with the environment.

It's good to yell at people and tell people that you're from Tennesee, so that way you'll be safe.I wrestled a bear once. A 750lbs black bear.You gotta go through it to see there ain't nothing to it.Did you feel that? Look at me - I'm not out of breath anymore!

When you get lost in your imaginatory vagueness, your foresight will become a nimble vagrant.Have you urinated? Have you drained your bladder? Are you free? Because if you haven't it will only come out later. I'm giving you some information that your bodily fluids may penetrate your clothing fibre's without warning.

Did you feel that? Look at me - I'm not out of breath anymore!It's OK to get Rib-grease on your face, because you're allowing people to see that you're proud of these ribs.You gotta go through it to see there ain't nothing to it.Have you urinated? Have you drained your bladder? Are you free? Because if you haven't it will only come out later. I'm giving you some information that your bodily fluids may penetrate your clothing fibre's without warning. 
